Is that little girl really angry?
No.
How could it be him?
It can't be him
What about Dr. Xu?
Dr. Xu's surgery went wrong
It is said that the family of the patient came to a concert
It has arrived at the court. It has gone to the court.
Lu Qinghan, if you have any dissatisfaction, come to me.
If I accidentally upset you
I apologize to you.
Can you spare Dr. Xu?
He was a good man.
He shouldn't sue Song Guan
You don't deserve to be expelled from the hospital
Xu Zhuoran
You come to me
It is because of Xu Zhuoran
I offended you before
I apologize to you.
Can you let him go?
Let him go. Does he deserve it?
What kind of person is he from Xuzhou?
Let a woman intercede
He's my boyfriend!
I plead for him
It's natural
pity
That's how you ask for help.
What do you want me to do?
Do you want me to teach you?
Take off your clothes
So I did.
I hope you mean what you say.